why become a teacher new page (#4444)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/life-as-a-teacher/teaching-as-a-career/why-teach.md

---
title: Why become a teacher
description: |- 

>   Explore the many reasons why you should become a teacher in England. From making a difference to exploring your creativity, holidays, pay, and much more.

Reviewer: As above

>   Explore the many reasons why you should become a teacher in England. From making a difference to exploring your creativity, holidays, pay, and much more.

Author: ```suggestion
  Explore the many reasons why you should become a teacher in England. From making a difference from day 1, to exploring your creativity and benefitting from a competitive salary and generous holidays.
```

>   Explore the many reasons why you should become a teacher in England. From making a difference from day 1, to exploring your creativity and benefitting from a competitive salary and generous holidays.

Author: ```suggestion
  Explore the many reasons why you should become a teacher in England. From making a difference from day one, to exploring your creativity and benefitting from a competitive salary and generous holidays.
```
